How is that possible?
Doesn't he never meet anyone?
How Cloud Master behaves
According to what Miss Lin meant
No need, Miss Xiao
My wife has a bet with Lin Ziyun
So ask Master Yun to appear
Master Yun explained that the signature will be verified by me
You gave me this signature
No need to test
It was given by the inspector.
What if it's fake?
You have guts!
Dare to question Miss Xiao
It's Miss Xiao
But the loudest trump card in the art world
Brokers who dare to risk anti-cloud ambassadors
You really don't know what to do
This signature card
It's fake, don't you believe it?
I'll give you another one, Miss Xiao.
How dare you play with me?
Just kidding
Who knew you were so stupid
It's true
Why did you deliberately set me up?
Because I hate you the most
A person with bad water
Now people say
Not humiliating
Even if my signature is fake
You can't have Master Yun's signature either
How did you know I didn't?